within Austin Dillon labor force
territory and umpteen other and top part
it follows code can be trust use if
she's candy trust each other you
shouldn't take everything we say at face
value
you should waive you should you
shouldn't weigh it you should judge
exactly what we say on the evidence that
we give you and I think it's really
important that when you see people like
Ian look in just remind us what Ian
Austin has said I think you've probably
got the quote I don't have it but he was
not very complimentary about Jeremy
Corbyn instead he well he said mr
corbyn's unfit to know the country in
corners did it is Grace and and he said
that he would personally be voting for
Boris Johnson I was a former Labour
looking now let me just set this in
context okay
because Ian Austin was this was billed
as former Labour minister says this in
Austin has been a member of the party
for many months he's been disaffected
for quite some time he was a minister 10
years ago and he said this contrast that
to Nicky Morgan who is still the
Secretary of State for Culture Media and
Sport who wrote saying that she didn't
believe that right-wing brexit ears like
Boris Johnson should be in government at
all and yet that's not a headline why I
think it's not a head I think it's not a
headline because the people who own are
broadsheet newspapers and know that
actually labour might well win this
election and they know that if we do
there will be such a transfer in the
balance of power in this country in
favor not of the elite but of ordinary
people that they're afraid of that
and that's what I think is going on so
yes you're going to see lots of lots of
scare stories lots of fake news in this
election there will be but ultimately
what the people of this country have got
to weigh and judge is who is going to
make their lives better who is actually
going to transform this country and
bring about real change change in terms
of childcare change in terms of the
health service change in terms of
violent crime and if you look at what
has happened with the cuts to public
services over the past nine years under
Boris Johnson's Tories then actually I
think the choice is clear and I think
people will make that choice to vote
Labour but on the spot there were the
comments made by in Austin an actually
John Woodcock today but when you look at
the Conservatives I see there are a fair
few conserves you've voted with their
feet they just left the party so and the
comments from Ian Austin today outlined
that absolutely what is true Jeremy
Corbyn is absolutely unfit to be the
Prime Minister I will come come on to
that point and not all needed in Austin
see that he was unfit to be Prime
Minister but he put the economy and jobs
at risk and that his Brits it deal was a
fantasy
it was scathing and in Austin didn't
just see vote Boris Johnson he also he
went he went as far as he put pressure
on us and he didn't just say vote for
the candidate that keeps Jeremy Corbyn
out he actually believes that Boris
Johnson is the best person to be Prime
Minister we also saw the Jewish
Chronicle front page this morning
suggesting that for 87 percent of Jews
felt frightened by Jeremy Corbyn as
Prime Minister 47 percent seeing that
they would immigrates
if Jeremy Corbyn were Prime Minister
this is absolutely damning and I
recognize that there are MPs in my party
that are stood down as well but they
haven't stood down or cited for
Johnson in their letters they have cited
personal reasons or there's a whole
variety before you've gone to other
parties ken Clark was thrown out Philip
Hammond was thrown out and David Koch
was thrown out the idea that they've
just left to do other things I mean you
know
yes we've we've had people you're
absolutely right to have been
disaffected for years one way or another
and and they literally then said what
they did but we weren't throwing people
out of the pile
I'm not sure that what I would see in
this election is that it's a very clear
choice it's a choice between Boris
Johnson as Prime Minister getting a
breaks it deal focusing on public
services and seeing no - Nicola Sturgeon
second independence referendum that she
wants to rerun next year the opposite
option is Jeremy Corbyn as Prime
Minister with Nicola Sturgeon propping
him up two referendums next year
mortally more dithering not delivering
on that referendum result and the
billions that Jeremy Corbyn said that he
was going to borrow in order to spend
across our country would leave us with
the highest level of borrowing since the
1960s it's to vote conservative will
move this country forward respect both
referendum results and make sure that we
focus on the issues that really matter
[Applause]
there's lots of hands up gosh where
should I start the woman there in the
top of the poppy I'm just a rather
confused when you talk about the amount
of money that's going to be spent like
on the NHS and things like that and
they're gonna throw this money right
left and center but a lot of powers have
already been devolved to the Scottish
Parliament so surely for the Scottish
people it's not how much money is going
to be going to the NHS etc
really boils down to do you want
independence or not I think we're going
to come on I'm going to I'm going to
take a few questions from a number of
you to begin with on May yes the man
here in the front yeah
Boris Joe incident must led the Queen to
me he should not be the prime honest
though I have a lot of respect for
Kenneth Clark he's a Tory MP and he was
kept at the Tory party so I think you
have to appreciate that a toilet partly
there's no right wing party it's not a
one nation party I think you know
deliver the point home I think the
Labour Party has a huge credibility
issue on its hands
it's a rife with anti-semitism it's the
FIR it's the only party aside from the
BNP that's been investigated by the
Equality Commission and you know Jeremy
Corbyn here's a man who invariably sites
with the enemies of Britain and he has
been a completely ineffective leader of
opposition he could have been in power
by now
and he clearly has failed at every
single opportunity how can we trust him
I'll come back to you on that merit
though woman laughs Boris Johnson
described Corbin as like Stalin he's not
fit to govern Boris Johnson is not fit
to govern in the UK
and you said that Jewish people are
scared to guard the house because
Corbin's an anti-semite I'm Jewish my
whole family's Jewish I can tell you
that we're not scared
korban is not an anti-semite the
right-wing press takes things out of
context puts them in headlines and
that's never spoken about by the party
they've been apart spoken in the press
and attack him as a person whereas 7em
talk about his policy Simpson at the
time but 80% of Tory policies are talked
about in the press why is that attack
the character instead of the policies
because the policies are correct the
original question within us and telling
labor voters to vote Tory empty now that
into party for let's hack we trust you
if you can't trust each other
Hamzah well I mean I wouldn't trust
Boris Johnson or Jeremy Corbyn to run a
bath let alone run the country let me
let me see this actually for the first
24-48 hours of this campaign what we
seen not just mess trusts and mistruths
but actually you've seen some of the
most shameful things said take Jacob
Riis morgs comments for example although
the those who lost a lace in Grandville
you shouldn't be standing as a candidate
you shouldn't be allowed to get away
24:40 oh you've had the most shameful
comments from Jacob Riis mock you've had
the Tories doctoring a video of Kirsten
you've had Jeremy Corbyn compared to
style and you've had a Russian dossier
of electoral interference potentially
not being released you've had a minister
resign due to him knowing an aide
sabotage deliberately sabotage a rape
trial according to the judge and live
highly allegedly literally I did say
allegedly you check that in the tape
you've had you've had Tom Watson the
deputy leader resign from labor and then
you've had you in Austin with his
comments actually the lady was
absolutely right with the puppy in the
front row who 1/8 and you know my views
and independence right but how on earth
you can look down at Westminster and go
that's the best we can do that is not
the best we can do in this election is
about sending a very clear message from
Scotland that we can do better and you
know what we want the right to choose
for ourselves and choose a much better
path because we can do far better than
that Omni shambles dinner Westminster
so congratulations to Samuel on your new
offspring what a time to bring a child
into the world in the middle of in the
middle of all this I think the problem
with this election candidly is we've got
Hobson's choice you know I mean we just
been listening to some of this right
right now you asked us about trust and I
think that one of the fundamental
problems that we all have as voters I'm
not a politician right now is looking at
but caliber of political leaders that we
have in front of us in this election
frankly none of them are good enough I
got my suede shoes on tonight so I
worked a bit with Kendrick I tried
desperately to get him elected as leader
of the Tory Party the Tory Party had
taken that direction
well I'd well hey I wasn't asking you to
do that necessarily but I think I think
potentially our politics would be in a
better place and the talks about Jacob
Riis more I think the problem in this
election is the Tory party looks like
it's lost his heart and the Labour Party
had a lot look I don't know well we used
to in this class this Hamzah I you
know Kent came talk absolutely Nicky
Morgan absolutely and I look at the kind
of caliber of politicians whether it was
Ken or Gordon Brown or Paddy Ashdown
agree with them or not those kind of
people our politicians ain't what they
used to be I think that's the problem in
this election
Angela I have so much sympathy with the
public because I think the the there are
so many massive choices that need to be
made right now and the options that
people have in front of them
I think leave a lot to be desired you've
used the word which I had actually
written down Calabar and it feels like
it really does feel like the caliber of
paulette session is just not up to
scratch when it comes to dealing with
the problems that we've got i mean--can
are you including the people on our
panel in terms of labor I don't know if
people remember back to when we had the
the vote on the you definite on brakes
and the days after you know if you your
political geek like me you were to be
much in the news constantly and very
quickly tongue from the brakes it will
enter this internal war within the Labor
Party were again and labor politicians
were trying to oust their leader unless
was in the aftermath of something that
was the beginning of one of the biggest
crises that this country has ever seen
outside of wartime I mean it was
incredible where are your priorities
that says enter party this is domestic
politics and you're all fighting about
this well the world is basically on fire
around you I mean it's it's incredible
what we've had to in dude I think for
the last three years and I think that
the public a rate to feel like they want
the politicians to just get their act
together and find a way through this and
I feel as I see I feel great sympathy
for the public that it feels like even
know it's still in work we're still and
the midst of just all of this and fate
and then it's frustrating to keep having
to watch this
I'd like to repeat with and Holmes as
already said about Jacob Riis Marx
comments and the fact that Android
Breton had been on the media and to try
and spend and for Jacob Riis MOG and
managed to say something equally as
offensive as far as I'm concerned I'd
also like to echo the point that Barry
had made about the deference and what
how people are being portrayed because
not only has he said Nicky Morgan had
made comments about the Tory leadership
and but King Clarke said that he's been
a trusted in Boris Johnson after having
been flung from the party and just
regards to kirstine was saying about the
Jewish Chronicle the Jewish Chronicle
also this week ran an op-ed from a
well-regarded
well-regarded and senior rabbi who was
basically imploring people to think
about what they were reading including
in the Jewish Chronicle and emphasizing
that taeman taeman game history shown
number one Jeremy Corbyn stands up for
the Jewish people in Jewish communities
and number two violence against the Jews
comes from the far-right humza you're
seeing that this election is a choice
for people in Scotland to make their
voice is clear to waste Minister we made
her voice is clear in 2014 and we want
to say things have changed I just come
back to cassian because there were a lot
of things said from the order to begin a
casting did you want to give a response
and the things that people were saying
just now yeah and and I and I will face
them head-on because I think that's what
the public want they want their
politicians to see what they really
think and I think that what Jacob Riis
spoke said was absolutely out of order
and I am and I have done before I had a
condition when well there's a general
election coming up that's when the
people of North East Somerset well
people are sharing to be fair I didn't
interrupt you so if you'd let me finish
[Applause]
I've said I did and I did and I've said
that actually we've got an election on
December the 12th that's when the people
of North East Somerset will be able to
determine whether they would like Jacob
Riis more because they're MP or not
we've got an election coming up in six
weeks time I think it's up to the public
to decide but what I would say if you if
you would let me finish my sentence is
that I I am quite happy to see when
people on my side say something that is
wrong I will see that is out of order if
you have made a group of people feel
alienated in any way or upset somebody
what you have said is wrong but also
we've got to remember that people in all
parties have to stand up and say when
people in their party see or do
something that's wrong so in Barrie's
party you know that what joy MacDonell
said about my colleague that should have
been called I was wrong there are a
whole plethora of wings that are limited
when John McDonnell and said the mr.
McBee my colleagues should be lynched
I think was the the comment he made and
it wasn't called oh it wasn't called out
by the leadership and there are a whole
range of things that elected SNP
representatives have said and they're
not called out by the First Minister of
Scotland
we are role models and our communities
people look to us to see how and if we
act in such a way then that becomes
normalized when people say something is
wrong I was always brought up that you
put your hand up and see that you're
wrong but people from all sides need to
call out all sides and recognize that we
are in a role in public office and we
should respect that
[Applause]
if I can just pick up briefly on some of
the points the gentleman who said that
Jeremy Corden was an ineffective leader
in fact this government has been
defeated 47 times under jeremy corbyn's
leadership of the opposition which is
more times than any other government has
ever been defeated and so ineffective is
not the appropriate word you may you may
disagree with this policies you may
disagree with the live party on many
fronts but on that we've been an
effective opposition I wanted to just
pick up on what what was being said say
divorce he said and I quote we lost the
moral high ground on racism a long time
ago she said that about the conservative
party and I did think it was rich for
Hamzah to to when he was talking about
the the different things that have been
going on to talk about trials of sexual
misconduct please don't wear tonight
please don't repin it that's what you
think short no no and I didn't you I
thought I gave insight that a ministers
ain't do not use and if you've ever
talked to a survivor sexual offenses of
rape please do not come in the sugar and
weaponized sexual hazard or a yeah is
above beyond the pale of politics well
do not do that you're interrupting
everybody very well but let me just let
me just tell you that you raised this by
giving the example of a court case that
had gone wrong because somebody had
interfered in it and it was a sexual
sense that the court case was about you
did that not me and I'm just saying I
think you've got quite a bit of hurts
per given given your lower case that is
going to become the pure in our in
January
in your it's just really really quick
quickly I mean surely in this election
campaign politicians we can do better
than this we can do better than this I
mean we are three or four days into this
and the mud is flying around and around
and around can we just talk about the
policies
[Music]